OK so we are back.
Let's go ahead and take a look at the first art component that each DML and we're going to need to rename
this one.
Going to need to delete that and basically just put the underline here and save it OK.
So because we have actually added a different function and in we have actually moved the method remove
account elsewhere.
So we just need to basically rename this.
And here's what's going to happen thus far.
We're going to do some other things as well.
So we have a button and it's click here.
So it's delete.
So when you when when you click on the delete you will call it move you will call this method.
So this method will be called and if you go into the account accounts that component.
This method is here.
And then this method is or is used in order to permit an event but we haven't subscribed anybody to
do it.
It is variable here therefore nobody is going to actually get the problems.
OK so let's go ahead and click that Subscribe button on you.
No just kidding.
Let's go ahead and subscribe the component.
Yes in order for us to do that we will need to go into the HMO file and you see here where it says accounts
a dash list.
So we will just need to add an additional line here.
We will need to extend the current line delete and we're going to say equal and this should be equal
to remove account.
So remove A.S.C..
And this one will receive an event.
There you go.
So now this app component of TS is subscribed.
How is it subscribed.
Well we've used the delete here and this and this here is basically ours subscription.
This is quite different from this because here it goes from child to from here it goes from parent to
from parent to child while here it's going to go from from a from child to parent.
So it's a reverse logic child parent parent child.
So just two different two different projects because the child will meet an event parent will receive
it and then parent will act upon that logic OK.
I do believe that that is all that we need to do here and this H.A. file if I have missed something
please don't hang me.
But anyway that's it.
That's all that we need to do now app component is subscribed and it will act.
OK.
Before we are done there is just one more thing that I would like to do and let's go over this.
Let's create an overview and follow the traits of the logic see what happens and which is which exact
steps are taken.
So you open up the browser you can click on the delete button here if you like and it's well fight hard
to control this.
Just let me save these files.
It saved them too.
I failed to save some of them.
It doesn't really matter.
Just wait for it to reload.
So we'll retrace the steps of the logic so you can see the exact path that this logic will take.
So you can click on the delete button here and one account will be deleted.
Now let's see where did this go and what it happened.
Well the first thing we do is check out the HD M-L file with the button.
So accounts underline this dark component at HD.
OK.
So we are here.
You have a button here that we have created and it says on click call this method here.
OK let's go ahead and let's go ahead and check this method out.
So this method here what it does it relates to here.
This one here it says there's a dot delete dot emit and it emits an event.
It emits a notification of an event or an event and it passes along the index number of that account
to be deleted.
Now we go into the app component outage Decimo and right here where we've placed accounts liest.
There is a subscription where it says delete and then it will remove A.S.C. remove account.
So this one will actually.
This will be this app component will be notified of this event.
It will be passed the index number.
And here the event will actually be the index number here.
So remove A.S.C. method will be called.
Now remove A.S.C. method is in the app component.
So let's pick up component.
Yes and there we go.
So remove A.S.C. will be called It will be given an index number of the account and then it will be
then that account will be deleted with a previously defined logic and it will be gone eliminated permanently
without the possibility of recovery anyway.
So that is the logic that we have followed here.
I know it'd be a little bit complex to understand.
I would strongly advise you to re to go out onto the net and just read the documentation or whatever
you can in regard to the events and the imaging of events possible.
It will possibly help you out a little bit more when talking when I advise you to go out onto the net
and take a look at the documentation.
I'm not telling you go out and read whatever somebody has written and take it for granted.
Now go onto the official documentation on the angular to side see if you can find something there see
if you can find something on reputable forums such as stack overflow or someplace like that.
Don't just go and accept everything from unverified sources.
Anyway that'll be it for to it all.
They hope to see you in the follow up.